Welcome to the LJMU Staff Holiday Requests System.

This system offers a complete system to fullfil your Holiday Request needs.

If you already have a Username & Password then you can just Log in to the system. However don't worry if you don't as the system also allows you to register.

Once you have logged in, you can view your existing holiday requests, edit them if you require and also delete them if you don't require them anymore.
You can also view other staff members holiday requests however you will not be able to edit or delete them.

The system currently has a number of test users and the Usernames and Passwords for each user can be found below:

Username:           Password:

enrtelsw            test
enrlrob             test1
enrashim            test123
enrlstro            test
enrjpfin            test123
admin               admin123		

As well as the Usernames and Passwords listed above, there have been a number of users which have automatcially been generated to help in the testing process of the system. The password for each of these users is 'test' by default.

The passwords are purely for Test purposes and would obviously be changed for the Finalised system.

The Admin user account allows the admin to be able to edit, delete and authorise other people's staff holiday's however the ability to create a new holiday is restricted to just the normal users.

The system also offers the user the option of uploading an image onto the system. This could  be useful, for example if the member of staff wanted to uplaod an image of their holiday.

As well as the functionality discussed previous, the system now also offers full AJAX pagination. This makes the system a lot more elegant however the user must have Javascript enabled if they wish to take advantage of this functionality. The system also automatically uses the default GET: method for users who do not have Javascript enabled. This means that all Users can benefit from using the pagination functionality. The system will gracefully degrade if the user does not have Javscript enabled.

An RSS feed is also implemented within the system which allows a User to subscribe to an RSS feed for Holiday Requests.

A fully interactional holiday star rating system was attemped for this version of this system. This would allow the user to be able to rate their holiday based on set criteria, i.e. Temperature, Resort and Value. This would have used AJAX to automatically save the changes to the server. Unfortunately there was a problem getting the particular gem, 'ajaxful-rating' to work within the system. This prevented this functionality being implemented within this version of the system, however this is a potential future improvement to the system.

The Gem list below is a full list along with the version for each Gem used within this system. These Gems will need to be installed in order for the system to work correctly within the Ruby/Rails development mode.

Gem				Version

actionmailer 	(2.3.11)
actionpack	 	(2.3.11)
activemodel 	(3.2.2)
activerecord 	(2.3.11)
activeresource 	(2.3.11)
activesupport 	(2.3.11)
ajaxful_rating 	(2.2.9)
arel 			(3.0.2)
builder 		(3.0.0)
faker 			(1.0.1)
i18n 			(0.6.0)
multi_json 		(1.1.0)
mysql 			(2.8.1)
paperclip 		(2.3.11)
populator 		(1.0.0)
rack 			(1.1.3)
rails 			(2.3.11)
rake 			(0.9.2.2)
rmagick 		(2.13.1)
sqlite3 		(1.3.5)
tzinfo 			(0.3.32)
will_paginate 	(2.3.11)




